If you want to keep winning at mahjong with true potential, you must not get distracted by obvious ryanmen but look more forward.
If everybody just tries to win and win the hand before their eyes, the person who goes to create good iishanten and ryanshanten might not win hands, but will win in the end.
However, not just in mahjong, whenever something happens, there is a reason for it.
Don’t get confused by hindsight
Using multiple yakuhai exhibits enormous power. Its ultimate expression are the yakuman daisangen and daisuushii.
Calling does not equal cheap hand, calling creates big yaku.
Desiring effort instead of ease is necessary in mahjong.
Do not pay attention to score before South 3.
Whatever the score, moving and facing to the win is important, and if you want to win against truly strong players, you must risk victory or defeat in difficult places.
Call hands that need to call, win, then win again next round.
In daily life, isn’t it better to start off with the uncomfortable things?
Drop the mentsu first that you don’t want to get and create a mobile hand. This is called “abandoning”.
Remember: calling invigorates your hand and the field!
In tenpai, riichi without regard for your own discards.
In mahjong, you must advance forward. From tenpai to riichi, from riichi to tsumo, from tsumo to ippatsu or uradora: mahjong is a game of advancing.
This mahjong is different from the WAY: it is inhuman. Inhuman, in other words soulless.
If the hand can be improved, wait one turn.
Don’t try to win silently, but leave space, sense the interval.
Winning even a 1000 point hand in a decisive place like this, is like scoring a goal in soccer, an extremely valuable thing.
Never just riichi haphazardly, that is the intuition called defense.
The very word, the idea of the dealer’s confining riichi is funny.
After improving to sanankou in damaten, the waiting had effect, so accept that improvement and call riichi.
Take great pains to attack! Call riichi! When your hand says this and you get fucked from not calling riichi, you destroy your own flow.
If you make a mistake one round, pay attention the next: it’s important to think of such things when you play. 
If you advance forward first and fail to win, you should just think again of your insufficient power.
You must think every time whether the hand can win or can not win. When the hand reaches the final shape you envision, discover your joy and call riichi!
There are no dealers or non-dealers. You must not recoil from advancing.
There is a saying that the rich man should not pick fights. This is the way of thinking that you should always take a stance that can fold, in order not to lose your hard-earned money.
Your mental attitude in East 1 must be one of ignoring the state of your luck and playing aggressively in any situation. 
Don’t get afraid and push your courage forward.
If you put away calculations and try playing like this, you will come to understand the state of yourself and others for the first time.
This is true not just in mahjong: never leave behind two parts that are both a problem.
Show your posture from the first discard.
A play that does not think about the nuisance it causes: a cheap trick born from weakness and cunning. 
And the most important of all is to put yourself in a difficult place from the point of the haipai, and keep that playing posture until the end.
Only by doing this is mahjong perfected and does its content become deeper.
Just like when fastening a button on a suit, in mahjong the first movement is important, so when you open the haipai you should always notice at least 3 or 4 things.
If you can find a number tile that’s easy to discard just like that, this is a good omen.
Since the opponents’ hands can be seen from your own hand like shadows, and just like to find the shadow, you must always play a mahjong that is like the shining of the Sun. 
There is no need to hide the shadow of your own hand. You must always play to reveal the shadow.
Being able to see the faraway sanshoku requires both imagination and creativity.
The nature of mahjong is to get rid of the useless and bothersome things you think in your head and search for things you can’t see. 
People who want to win at mahjong shouldn’t desire to win first, but to get better, in my opinion.
Many people wish for a good haipai to come before they open it, but a too good haipai, one that is far advanced and full of easy shapes is a synonym of misfortune.
Even if your environment and your talent are not satisfactory, you must devote all your power.
However, although having knowledge is a bit more useful than not having any, it’s not all-powerful.
In the game of mahjong, you will not win unless you keep the balance between three things: the heart, the body and wisdom.
If you compare mahjong to human life, the haipai you receive is “destiny” (sorsest sua cuique ferenda). 
If you don’t grasp and feel all of the haipai that you have received in the beginning, your destiny, you won’t be able to move your fortune.
When people say something, it is always “freedom, freedom”, as if freedom were something like justice, but you should also be very grateful for unfreedom, as I think it is a pleasant thing.
When all that comes is trash hands, the tsumos don’t extend, you do your best with utmost effort but are shadowrealmed by dealing into mangan: when that happens, I think, wew, I’m grateful mahjong exists.
Spring comes silently. Until then advance by yourself, and try to taste some of that unpleasant cold.
By the way, in mahjong demon style, you can only call kan when you are in closed tenpai. This is to take responsibility for the uradora.
Irresponsible riichi, irresponsible folding, irresponsible kan. Mahjong like that is wrong.
In a game, if you die you can go and try again right after, but a human being can’t. 
It makes sense that viewpoints would be different between myself, who came from matches where losing even once meant death, and today’s mahjong pros who view it as a game.
The feeling of compassion, the feeling of becoming a sacrifice and gathering the chestnuts from the fire is also gambling.
Gambling does not just mean winning, but also includes compassion, and often having to do things that are a loss for yourself.
That is selfish mahjong.
Only get rid of the dora when you have a shape with which you can take responsibility.
Whether a person looks down on mahjong with contempt or cherishes it, can be found out just from his way of dealing with the dora.
And the goddess of victory will certainly smile on those who cherish the dora. Those who don’t win in mahjong are those who don’t cherish the tiles.
From the moment of drawing the haipai, put your head in full gear and look for the tile to abandon!
Whenever you stop on a tile consciously, unnatural things are generated and breathing becomes difficult
Abiding by the natural flow and stopping or being stopped naturally is the proper intrinsic form. In the breathing of a real game, it is also thus.
If you stop consciously, it instantly becomes difficult, but when you are straining your ears or are dumbfounded and hold your breath unconsciously, you forget the passage of time.
To cultivate earthly luck whether you win or not, a correct course of action is required.
In mahjong, there is heavenly luck and earthly luck.
Mahjong is a game of winning hands and dealing in. 
Mahjong is like the weather: the rain alternates between falling and stopping. 
That is natural. If the weather is good, you say the words “what a nice weather today”, but if it is sunny every day, there is a problem.
There are two ways to victory. Taking the win with your own power, and stumbling into the win without any significant effort.
The path of one who wins a victory that is not accompanied by effort resembles the way followed by the prodigal son who lives by eating up his parents’ inheritance.
Manly friendship, compassion, honor, determination. These things must be at the center of mahjong.
When there is a person with a trend of getting lucky, the other three must play cooperatively and not let him luckshit
To prevent the lucky person’s big dick hands before they happen, the other three should deal into each other’s cheap hands.
Don’t do what embarrasses you.
If you make mistakes in hand building like this, you did not practice enough. 
Olympic athletes start by undergoing severe training every day, but how many people are there in the mahjong world who do that? 
You must not think about whether you won or lost the game before your eyes. Notpursuing immediate profit, in other words: not a personal mahjong, but playing for everyone.
True kindness can only be born from strength.
In the mahjong world, no people with a towering amount of talent appear, and people keep repeating winning and losing. That is because no true strong player has appeared.
It’s not about winning right now or not winning: play the right playstyle that matches the field!
Don’t get red in the face even when you deal in.
There is both an x and a y axis, and it will not go smoothly unless you use both axes.
What is born when both are used? Revolution is born. In mahjong, wecall this flow . 
In mahjong demon style rules, it’s forbidden to discard honors with the first discard.
Also, while there are many people who think dealing in is a loss, aren’t there many cases in which dealing in turns out to be good?
You must not get desperate about winning, but discover the value of dealing in.
Because mahjong is a living thing, the negative thoughts of the players enter into the tiles. On the contrary, if you think that everything will pass, the positive thinking will affect the tiles. 
For example, if you are playing with 1000 points equal to 100 yen and deal in, there are people who say it makes their wallet hurt, but in the past I used to bet mountains. 
No matter how high a rate you play, when strong players are collected, there are never any niggardly cheapskates among them. 
For example, you enter all last as first place. Players who try to stingily fold and run away by folding are not strong players. 
If you want to play a strong and attractive mahjong, first change from your normal life.
Winning and dealing in exist concurrently: that is the correct form true to natural law.
There is a difference between courage and recklessness. 
A long time ago, people who came to the mahjong demon dojo also kept dealing in at the start, but after training there for a year they stopped dealing in. That is strength.
There is no need to hide it at all. In mahjong, leaking information to the opponents is good. If other people understand what you are doing, you are doing it right.
If your opponents can’t tell what you’re doing, and people who are looking at you from behind can’t tell what you’re doing, then you yourself don’t know what you’re doing either.
Shibori is unnecessary, let opponents call your discards all the time.
The providence of nature is like that and so is mahjong. Mahjong is also a living thing, a raw thing, and I play thinking it has to be deep fried/elevated (TN: I think this is a pun). 
In my life, I have trained my prediction and precognition abilities in many different places outside of mahjong.
Strength does not need any numbers.
I  am very bad with numbers, and the only phone numbers I remember are those of my dojo and my house.
I don’t know people’s birthdays or even what day today is. Despite that, I win at mahjong.
People who are strong with numbers are strong at mahjong: that only applies within that level of people. There is in fact another level far above that that can never be reached with numbers.
Inexpensive wins and cheap wins are not the same
You can’t swap cheapness for skill. And if you deal in, you won’t lose any luck. Dealing in is also necessary.
If you play naturally and honestly with a little bit of courage, it is good mahjong.
If you play with sneaky players, the sneakiest will win.
In mahjong, you must let opponents live to live yourself. 
If you play calculatingly by denying the opponents calls and folding, you kill them but at the same time kill yourself too.
By remembering the discards and the winning tile from the previous round, you can predict the strong suit and the weak suit.
Mahjong strength is not just the power to win hands, but also the power of dealing in, the power of resilience.
It’s not that art is better than competition, but unless you adopt this kind of artistic thinking, you won’t really get stronger.
Furthermore, the flow of the table is similar to sailing in one ship. Depending on who takes the rudder, the flow can incline in a good direction or in a bad direction.
There are people who for some reason say that you lose luck when you deal in, but that is absolutely false, your luck stays the same.
Because mahjong is competitive, you can’t expect to just win every time. The idea that you can somehow avoid all deal-ins is too good to be true.
This kind of deal-in while folding causes much more damage than the points sticks you lose. It makes many people lose all confidence in themselves and destroy their own flow.
Winning while you are folding is also bad.
While dealing in while folding against riichi is embarrassing, it sometimes happens, even in pro mahjong, that you accidentally get into tenpai and win.
Winning while folding is effeminate.
Women have always been something that must be protected. Their role is to wait at home and to know in what month they should pick what kind of fruit. (What the fuck)
Men are a sex that must go out to hunt. When you pursue prey, you must chase after a moving target, not in a direct way, but chase it moving in a circuitous way. This can take up to 2 or 3 days.
In mahjong, you must also move (call). No convenience store culture of eating only ready-made things: I feel you should apply time and effort when going for the win. This applies even more to mahjong pros.
Trying to trap opponents to discard your winning tile: this is a devious, niggardly riichi.
To increase your tsumo power after having acquired this knowledge, it is necessary to do things with attacking power like calling riichi.
You must not let your feelings or movements bend. Though it’s good to bend to the side when you call riichi.
Don’t pursue easy wins.
If you are okay with winning as long as it’s in the top 3, the top 2, you don’t really understand mahjong and you have no power
The same can be said of human life, but if you follow through to the very best outcome, the light of hope shines ahead for you.
If you only go for easy wins every time, it will certainly not bear fruit, and it will come to backfire in the future.
Those who can understand this meaning of the flow of the tiles with their heads and apply it with their hearts are people with deep experience in mahjong.
When I started out, I was not afraid that I would lose my life playing mahjong. That’s because I thought I would die if I lost
It’s important to play against people who are stronger than you and lose.
Knowing your true power, knowing yourself is the way to becoming stronger.
There are people who say luck isn’t real... It is a fact that luck exists, with individual differences.
When you are lucky, if you want to describe what it is like, it is as if a mysterious something has possessed your body.
The opponents’ tiles become visible like glass, and you can even see your next draw clearly, so it’s completely as if you were playing mahjong by yourself. When that happens, no one can stop you.
If you want to grasp that luck in your own hands, your attitude towards normal mahjong is important.
You must fight with all your power every single round. Playing easy mahjong like this match’s pros, who betaori whenever someone calls riichi, has no heart.
Of course, you must also draw the line between right and wrong in your life apart from mahjong. People whose daily life and hearts are like clouded glass can’t be expected to win important battles.
Throw off profit-and-loss calculations, throw off your desire for obvious wins and your fear of dealing in: awaken your unbreakable mental attitude!
Why I’m not a mahjong god but a mahjong demon.
The fact that I have kept winning at mahjong so much might have been due to skill and intuition, but there is also a large part of strong luck to it. 
Luck is not the same for everyone. If there was a god in this world, everyone might be born equal, but in reality there are huge differences in wealth, intellect and so on. 
There is no god, it’s something created by humans. But you could say that it’s precisely because people are different that they can be fascinating.
That’s why when the founder of Takeshobo, Noguchi Kyouichirou, called me a “god”, I told him he should call me a “demon”. 
A demon is also something created by humans, but a demon who goes around with a lantern, enlightening the dark world is something good.
A demon who goes around eating people (or whatever) is bad though.
When something goes bad, don’t throw it off right away just because it’s bad, but fix the situation, repair it: this feeling also lives in mahjong.
If you have the power to correct by winning 3900 after dealing into 8000, there is nothing scary about dealing in.
Look for the moveable shape from the haipai: that is the idea of repair compensation.
Because people derive meaning from “numbers”, suffering and evil passions swell up from there. 
Children also throw away real education under the name of studying, and chase only after getting good grades. When you graduate, it’s also about being successful, achievement at your company, living only to earn more points.
To not make your essence as person like that (obsessed with numbers), you must never use “numbers” as a decision criterion or as a goal.
When you play mahjong, throw away the thing called “numbers” the next time, and play as if the table were a perfectly white canvas. 
Mahjong is not number matching, but something like drawing a picture with a brush.
Love comes from weakness.
Parents loving their children and children depending on their parents: both come from weakness.
In the usual love between man and woman, the majority is not a love born from strength but a love born from weakness and necessity.
Loving your country means killing another country’s citizens, loving the religion you believe in means killing adherents of other religions: that’s what’s going on in today’s world.
Until several decades ago, I played mahjong for money. Since I was playing mahjong all the time, 10000 yen notes stacked up below my feet like a mountain.
However, I never spent a yen, didn’t get into the car they had prepared for me, ate a cup of 50 yen ramen and went home.
To make the mahjong progress smoothly, it’s very important for South seat to do his job.
If the East seat is the parent, then the South seat is the eldest son. West seat and North seat are the second and third sons.
For example, if you pour water on the hot sand of the desert, it will dry up again inno time. I think effort is something like that. It’s a bit different from learning.
Do it over and over, keep repeating it until you die. When I see that one of my students is getting dry, so to speak, I pour water on her. If she dries up, I do it again.
However, just because it gets wet, you can’t always get something to the right temperature. It will dry out again right away.
I don’t want to people to learn them.
It’s pointless to look only at results
Pros who don’t know mahjong have nipped the intentions of anyone who wishes to really get stronger at mahjong in the bud.
Mahjong is a microcosm of society.
In mahjong, the person with the most point sticks did not necessarily play a good mahjong
First of all, I would like mahjong pros to step up the quality of their game. If they don’t, I feel sorry for the tiles.
If you play mahjong earnestly, and also want to win, never pass the flow to players of a lower level. Entrust the flow to players of a higher level.
Adding one thing is just adding.
If you add a relationship, you have more things to do, but there is no need to sacrifice other things. 
In today’s love, there are many people who say they’re in love, but actually just chose you because it’s worth more to date you than that other guy. 
There is also the word “charisma” but its contents are mostly money. 
'You would be disgusted at the thought of your wife having chosen you because you’re a benefit for her children.
In all last, second place is good.
In all last, it’s better to be second place than first place.
Being first place isn’t interesting. The fun in mahjong is in things like these.
Mahjong is played with 4 players, so it’s most interesting when all 4 players are alive.
If you look at footprints from a natural point of view, when someone old walks, the heel is imprinted and when someone young walks, the toes are imprinted, so you can understand who walked from the footprints.
I want young mahjong players to play with an animal-like instinct, but unfortunately there was no such vigor in the paifu of these games.'
Slow play is forbidden.
Once upon a time, the teaching that dealing in is bad, that letting others call is bad was popular. This is still left in the mahjong world.
There are a lot of lazy people in the mahjong world, and it’s been sleeping for 40 years without making progress. It’s time for it to wake up.
In golf, slow play is forbidden. In mahjong it is the same: long thinking pauses or slow play is a violation of manners.
Concentrate without letting your mind or body waver, keep advancing forward, is what I teach. 
You must firmly grasp suffering with your mind and body: only then can joy and fun be born.
In mahjong, you shouldn’t think only after you draw. You must already prepare what you will discard on what draw before drawing.
Furthermore, thinking is connected to confusion. 
Instead of thinking, it is important to “feel”.
The mahjong demon dojo has scraped off unnecessary things and then added “things above the rules”.
In regular mahjong, you can do anything as long as you don’t trespass against the rules, and society is also like that, but the mahjong demon style considers humanity more important, for example keeping your promises.
I’m a master gambler, but it’s not something that I particularly desired to be, and I feel more like an old man who owns a mahjong parlor and who’s caused a lot of books to be written, not just about mahjong.
Mahjong is a microcosm of life.
Only attacking when you have the initiative is an extremely selfish and calculating way of thinking. You won’t lead a good life that way.
Imposing constraints expands your ideas.
In mahjong demon style, we also forbid discarding the dora early and discarding honors with the first discard.
I also live without thinking anything is conclusive evidence.
Almost everything will change. It’s not about the gain or loss of point sticks before your eyes, but how will your destiny turn out? 
While watching the pros’ mahjong, I was severe. Commentating and saying “Whoa, that was good!” or “Amazing!” is no good. Shouldn’t you tell the viewers the truth about what is going on?
Straining yourself to make the winner look good is no good either.
The mahjong world is full of excuses and evasions. It’s time to change that.
At my dojo, I don’t really teach about mahjong, but more about attitudes to daily life like being polite, being on time and so on. 
Slovenliness or carelessness in your daily life will surface in your mahjong too.
When weak mahjong players like these play, the one who wins will be one who played a weak mahjong. There’s no reason the strong guy will win.
In a fight to determine the strongest, there must be a direct battle. If that doesn’t happen, who is really stronger will remain undecided.
When I saw mahjong for the first time, I thought “Wow, these tiles are really pretty.” The tiles looked to me like pictures, just like in hanafuda.
Good things are just for some.
Good things aren’t for everyone. 
In the world, there are very few really good things, and they are there just for a part of the people.
Most people don’t have a good heart, so they turn their backs on good things.
Gambling styles can be broadly divided into attacking styles and defensive styles.
That’s why instead of clearly differentiating between attack and defense, I consider neither attacking style nor defensive style, but a “combining style” the best way to play.
There are two ways to winning: that is, winning through your own power, and getting the win handed to you without any great effort.
Winning all the time is harsh.
Winning all the time is not like a dream, but actually very harsh.
If you don’t know whether you’ll win or lose, you can be happy about winning once in a while.
If you come into contact with mahjong for a long period of time, you will encounter battles so meaningful that you will feel that all 4 players were winners regardless the point outcome. 
In mahjong, even if the same players play, the outcome is heavily influenced by that day’s meaning. 
I consider that mahjong skill does not lie in results but in the process. 
In mahjong demon style, a hanchan takes less than 30 minutes.
As you know, this society’s adults have a body full of flabby unnecessary material below their presumptuous clothes, and psychologically, although they call it intelligence or education, their heart is also full of excess flesh.
When they do something that they shouldn’t do, a lot of people forgive themselves for it. I never forgive myself anything. There’s another me inside of me, but I don’t listen to that bastard.
Just like everyone, I sometimes want to run away into excuses and pretexts, but another me won’t let myself deceive myself. This is my demon.
It’s better to have common sense than not, and it’s better to have knowledge than to be ignorant.
However, common sense has limits, and if you become a slave to common sense you can only win within those limits.
In mahjong, if you rely only on data and existing theories, you reap decent wins and results.
It’s not a problem that common sense is wrong, but that common sense leads people into temptation because they are weak.
Don’t believe in yourself.
Mahjong pros often say “I played believing in myself” but this has to be a joke. 
You should know better than anyone else that you are not a special or important human being at all. 
In really serious gambling, you can only win if a monster-like power that isn’t your own can rise up from you.
There is nothing to be won with belief alone.
Strong people are those who are somehow able to overcome impossible challenges, and enjoy that. 
If you can overcome the wall of “impossibility” there is “pleasure” and you can obtain “strength”. Overcoming the amount of points you thought was impossible is exactly what gambling is about.
I’m the bad guy
I don’t think that I’m a good person, or that I’m right and so on. I think that I am a bad guy. 
Precisely because I’m a bad guy is why I want to get even a little better. It’s not the idea of being allowed to do evil things because I’m the bad guy, not at all. If I thought that, I would be the same as yakuza or gangsters.
You know, strong mahjong players can go eat shit.
People who were really bad at mahjong kept going the most.
I think the way of thinking that “you should call only because you have a good hand” is disgusting.
You must not think about getting stronger only at mahjong.
This is much more important than the right play in mahjong: the right feelings.